feat(changelog): iot-changed-new-iot-platform-server 2023-10-03 (#2226)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2023/2023-10-03-iot-changed-new-iot-platform-server.mdx

---

> title: New IoT Platform Server CA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New IoT platform server Certificate Authority
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #iot-hub channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-10-03
category: managed-services
product: iot
---

> The Certificate Authority used by all mqtt tls connections to the IoT Hub has been updated !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Certificate Authority used by all MQTT TLS connections to IoT Hubs has been updated.
```

> As described in our [Certificate Authority update](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/iot-hub/reference-content/certificate/) document you can now stop using the `migration.iot.fr-par.scw.cloud` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in our [Certificate Authority update documentation](/managed-services/iot-hub/reference-content/certificate/), the `migration.iot.fr-par.scw.cloud` endpoint is no longer valid.
```
